Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me.
It's always such a blessing that every single one of you would want to take your busy day and spend praying with me.
And Diana is behind the camera today, and she said, "I want you to say hi, babe.
" "Hi, prayers.
Hi, prayers.
" She's behind there.
I get to look at her now instead of Braden today.
He's been making shorts for us and getting the Spanish videos out and all the other—he said, "Daddy, I've got to translate all this stuff and get this over on these other channels.
" So, he's working, and so we're going to make this prayer video for you.
He is busy trying to translate those videos for South Korea and all the beautiful people all around the world that need to hear the gospel.
He works so hard.
He does.
I'm so proud of him.
He's a good boy.
But I got to talk to Sister Billye yesterday, and that was an amazing conversation about the end times because I always run my words around people who judge them to make sure, you know, you don't want to just be spouting off stuff without people really listening to them that have a discerning ear.
And so I wanted her to really listen to some of the things that the Lord has been sharing with me to see if, you know, you're not getting flaky.
You don't want to get flaky.
The Lord told me there's too many voices right now.
There's too many voices, and there's a lot of them that are listening to familiar spirits.
And he said, "Brandon, you must test and judge the spirits.
You must test it so that you don't get off.
" And that's why I put elders around me, you know, that are seasoned believers that have been in this for a long time.
But she's been around people—been around Smith Wigglesworth, two different people, and then she's been around, I mean, Lester Sumrall to Kenneth Hagin to all the greats in my opinion, you know.
Mama Jenkins, Sister Wilkerson, there's Rachel Teafatiller, all the greats, and it's such an honor to even be able to talk to her and that she would call and feel the Holy Spirit would have her call, and I just thank God that I have a mother in the faith that would take time to want to help me.
I don't take it for granted ever.
It is truly an honor, and it's humbling.
And he started talking.
He said there's a difference between healings and miracles.
Healing anointing is—and I even talked to Sister Billye about this—she's talking about healings are the children's bread.
Divine health is the children's bread.
But miracles are top-notch.
Seeing creative miracles—arms growing out, legs, eyes coming back, whatever.
Whenever it's not a healing, it's a miracle.
It's like a major deal.
And the Lord said to me, "We're about to start to see people walk in miracles—creative, walking in miracles, healing autistic children, cerebral palsy, Down syndrome, all of it.
I'm talking about supernatural things that no man will get the glory because there's no man that can do it.
It's all about Jesus.
" And I'm telling you all, we're going to see things like we've never seen before.
But it's going to happen in a 24-hour window.
The switch will come on.
And I'm telling you, I talked about this with Sister Billye yesterday about Adam's lease.
This is a major milestone, something major.
The switch is going to—and you're going to see creative miracles because what was restrained by what was signed by Adam...
Even Brother Hagin talked about this, I was told.
What was brought by the agreement by Adam in the Garden of Eden, when all the things happened with Adam, was a 6,000-year window.
And I'm telling you all, the 6,000-year window is coming to a close.
The Lord told me so many times, "Brandon, Adam's lease is up.
" And within a 24-hour period, you're talking about from night to day.
That's how much of a change is about to happen in the body of Christ.
You're about to see stuff you never thought you would see—I mean, you always dreamed you would see, but we've never seen it.
And the Lord told me, "It's time to get excited.
I've looked for this moment longer than what you have.
" And I'm like, "Yeah, Lord, I bet.
Yeah, of course.
" He said, "I've longed for this moment more than what you can ever—like your mind can't fathom how long I've waited for this moment.
" Folks, it's time to get excited.
And people say, "Well, Brandon, when are you thinking that's going to happen?
" I don't know.
He told me to watch the time frame in September all the time.
Every time we get to the time frame of Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah, always watch this time frame, for this is a time of a great holy day, a great change, from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah.
This is a time frame of great acceleration, for the birthing pains will triple, double, increase.
But now is the time of a push.
We're coming to—it's time to push.
The baby's coming forth.
And I have such an anticipation in my spirit for what's about to happen, for the greatest harvest of souls.
And I'm telling you all, a major volcano is about to go off.
A major—I want you to hear me again—a major volcano is about to go off.
And when this goes off, it's going to cause great devastation to the world.
There's something manipulating our sun.
There's something manipulating our earth's crust and our Ring of Fire outside of Oregon.
A major disruption, earthquakes in diverse places.
But these earthquakes will not just be little tremors anymore.
I saw major earthquakes that will cause major tsunamis in the days ahead.
I saw the splitting of Japan.
I saw major fires in Alaska.
I saw major gas lines and gas things coming up out of the earth causing major fires in Hawaii, in these areas.
And the Lord said, "It's not for the believer to fear.
It's what I told you was coming, for these are the beginning of sorrows.
" He said, "You must know Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 in the days ahead, for sobering days are coming.
Very sobering days are coming.
" And what's the difference between sober and—I said, "Drunk?
" And he said, "Yes, being filled with the Spirit.
You must remain spiritually hydrated.
" I said, "How?
" By drinking.
We pour out all the time and we don't drink, and the Lord used this with me.
He said, "Those that are not hydrated spiritually will become constipated spiritually.
" That's kind of different, isn't it?
But those are the things he said.
"You'll become constipated spiritually if you don't drink enough.
" How do you become constipated spiritually?
I'm still praying over that one.
But the things he said—I guess it's the same thing: if you get really dehydrated in the natural, you get constipated, right?
I guess because your body does not have enough water.
But you have to have enough water.
You must drink.
"You must drink of my Spirit," he said, "for in the days ahead, very, very sobering things are going to come.
Great storms are coming, great shakings are coming.
But how will you survive these shakings?
By being filled.
" Be filled with the Holy Spirit.
Be being filled.
Be being filled with the Holy Spirit.
I don't think I've emphasized enough the importance of staying at His feet and drinking—not just of the water.
This is good water, but drinking of the water of the Word, drinking of His Spirit, worshiping by praying and worshiping Him in these last days.
That's the only way you're going to make it.
If you go horizontal and you look at all the stuff that's coming—it's coming when we get to September.
I need you to hear me.
When we get to September, by this time next year, you won't even recognize it anymore.
Just remember I told you this.
I need you to remember I told you this.
You will not recognize the earth this time next year because of how much increase we're about to see from this time now, from September.
We're still in July.
When we get to August, when we get to September, when we get to these months ahead, we will not recognize where we are this time next year because of how much acceleration of things will take place: from wars and rumors of wars, plagues and pestilences, earthquakes in diverse places, signs in the heavens, but the greatest harvest of souls all at the same time.
But I want you to get excited at the same time when I'm warning you not to get in fear, because a great harvest of finances is near.
And it's exciting times.
He said, "Brandon, this is going to be fun, and the fun has just begun.
" That is what He told me.
He said, "The fun has just begun.
" Brandon, I had this visitation three days ago from the Lord.
We were eating dinner.
In the middle of our dinner, we were at the table and He visited.
The glory came in so strong we lost track of time, and Diana looked at her clock after it was over.
The visitation was over, and she goes, "Oh my goodness, we've been underneath the glory for over an hour, and our food is cold!
We had to heat it up in the microwave.
" It felt like only 15 or 20 minutes.
Yes, it felt like 15 minutes.
We got caught up.
There's no time with the glory.
You lose track when you're underneath the glory like that; you lose track of time.
That's why when we get to heaven, there's no time.
But when you get underneath the glory, it's so strong that it changes you, and you don't even realize how long.
That's when we went to Sister Billie's camp meeting.
When we went to her camp meeting, we were there for five hours, and it felt like 20 minutes in that tent.
And they said, "How long have we been in here?
" "Five hours.
" I said, "Are you kidding me?
Almost over half a day.
" Seriously, it was a long time, folks.
And that's what I'm saying.
When you get underneath the glory, you can be in that for hours, and you just lose track of time because there is no time with the Father.
It's beautiful.
I told D, I said when the cloak comes on and I'm seeing over, like I was even today, and then when we had the visitation three days ago, everything—the pressures of life, of finances, the things you go through as a man, as a provider, all the things you go through—you lose track of it.
And it's beautiful, isn't it?
Yeah, it seems inconsequential.
The things that before you felt were such a big deal fade away.
Yeah, who cares?
It's like that song: "And the things of this earth grow strangely dim.
" Yeah, "And the things of this earth will grow strangely dim in the light of His glory and grace.
" Well, sing it.
"Turn your eyes upon Jesus, look full in His wonderful face, and the things of earth will grow strangely dim in the light of His glory and grace.
" Sing it one more time.
" Sister Billie saw me.
She goes, "Brandon, did you know we were talking about the healing ministry and Oral Roberts, and she said Oral Roberts used to walk down the street whenever it first came on his hand, the glory and the fire, and he would go around touching people on the street, and the power of God would heal them.
" And she said he would go around touching whoever he could on the streets.
Was it him and Lester Sumrall?
I believe so, yeah.
I think she said that Lester Sumrall and him would go around laying hands on people.
I love hearing those old stories.
And I go, "Oh, y'all, it's coming again.
It's coming again.
The great tent revivals are coming again!
" And I could see, I was thinking, "Oral Roberts would go around touching people with that glory, and he was running around with Lester Sumrall.
" I thought, "Get out of here!
Is that the coolest thing ever?
" I thought, "Man, goodness, Lord, what an amazing God we serve and what we're about to see.
" But when you're in that glory and the presence of the Lord is so strong, you lose track of time because there is no time with Him.
He is time.
And oh, what an amazing God we serve!
And He loves us so much.
He's so patient with every single one of us and all our falls and all our mess-ups.
He's the ever-present help in a time of need, always there to lift us up and say, "I lift my cup up to You, Father.
I just need You to fill it up today.
I need a fresh drink of the living water today.
" I look forward to the meetings in the fall with Billy Burke this year.
We're going to travel a lot this fall.
I told Diana, I said, "I want to go see Billy Burke as much as we can.
I want to go and be a part of meetings as much as we can in October and in November, anytime we travel.
" I told Diana, I said, "Let's get us a big minivan or whatever, and let's just go and see what we can see.
" I think it will be wonderful, don't you?
I'm just praying that that's what will work out for us.
But going and getting and dipping in these rivers of glory—I'm so thirsty for it.
And I'm just anticipating from September of this year things will start to change again.
The Lord keeps highlighting—He circled the whole month of September.
He circled it before me, and it was so important to Him to talk about going into October.
Supernatural windows will open.
Supernatural doors will open for people that have believed for things that you've been believing and standing and believing for so long.
And the Lord said, "Brandon, I'm bringing the things of the desires of your heart to pass.
Get ready for the heart's desires to come to pass at last!
" Get ready for it, folks.
It's time to be believing believers, not doubters.
"Well, I've been believing for so long, brother.
I don't know if God even cares.
" You're about to see how much God truly loves you.
You're about to see it.
Well, let's go ahead.
I've talked long enough, D.
"You've been talking twenty-six minutes.
" Because I asked her, I said, "Hey, babe, how long have I been talking?
" "Twenty-six minutes.
" You see, I told people, "You get on the phone with me, and I keep talking about the glory.
I'll lose track of time because it's my favorite subject.
" If you talk to me about things, oh, I talk two or three hours about the glory because it's just my thing, man.
I love it.
I get so excited about it.
They go, "Do you have things to do?
" I said, "I know, but I'm sure if you do, you'll get off the phone.
I'm going to bask here.
" I'm like, "Woo!
Hallelujah!
" you know?
Oh, Father, we thank You, Lord, for what You have for us.
I'm so thankful, Father, for every single person who's here today.
And Lord, we want to go tubing.
But we can't go real tubing without You.
I'm nothing without Your super on my natural.
I need it, Father.
And I thank You, Lord, that if You have anything to say to us today, Father, You'll show us, and You'll show us that which is to come.
Father, every single person who's coming here, they're hungry for a word, and You speak to them directly in their household right now.
This is not a Brandon show.
This is not all about glitz and all that.
It's all about Jesus and the very spirit of God that dwells on me will dwell on you.
And I believe with all my heart it's time for every one of us to be believing believers, to hear and see what Jesus has for us to see and what he wants for us.
Thank you, Father, for the body that was lifted up before us.
We lift it up before you, Father, in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that you were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes, we're healed.
We take this body right now in the name of Jesus.
And we're believing believers.
And we call ourselves healed.
We call ourselves well in Jesus' name.
And we thank you, Lord, for, oh, what a plan!
Oh, what a planner in these last days, that, Father, you chose to let us be born for such a time as this to do something mighty in your sight, Father, for you.
I thank you, Lord, that we're the closers.
You've saved the best for last.
And as we go into this fall season, as we close out this summer, as we close out this month of July soon, Father, and we go into the month of August soon, Father, we thank you, Lord.
We don't rush it.
We bask in the rest of July that you have for us.
And we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, that supernatural things are about to take place.
And Father, I thank you that our hearts are prepared because we're preparing ourselves to be used by Jesus in a way that has never been seen before, all for the glory of God.
We lift up the body, Father, and we thank you, Lord, in Jesus' name.
Now Lord, we take the blood and we apply the blood of Jesus over our households.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us right now in Jesus' name.
And we thank you, Lord.
We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
And we cover ourselves from the top of our head to the soles of our feet in Jesus' name.
Lord, we thank you.
Jesus loves me, this I know, for the Bible tells me so.
Little ones to him belong; they are weak but he is strong.
Yes, Jesus loves me.
Oh yes, my Jesus loves me.
Yes, my Jesus loves me, the Bible tells me so.
Jesus loves the little children, all the children of the world—red and yellow, black and white, they are precious in his sight.
Jesus loves the little children of the world.
Glory to God.
If I could just sit with you a while, Lord.
I need you to hold me.
I just need to sit with you just a little while today, Lord.
But I want to bask in your glory.
I want to sit there at your feet, Father, where you said if I sit by you, you'll show me the secret things.
And we don't sit by you to see the secret things; we sit by you because you are God.
But Lord, there's a lot of people that need to know what's going on right now.
And Lord, if there's anything you want to show us, Father, we're here to see it.
If not, we just give you a big hug.
We just get at your feet and say, 'God, we love you.
' We sit at your feet and we give you a big old hug.
We grab hold of your calves, Lord, and we just love on you and say, 'Father, thank you.
Thank you for all that you have for us as your kids.
Thank you, Lord, that you are our father and you're our friend.
Father, you could have chosen anybody to be born at this time, but you chose Diana, me, Braden, Paisley, Megan.
You chose all these believers today.
You chose every single one of us from our mother's womb.
You said, "I choose them to be born today.
" And Father, I don't know what you saw in me, but Father, thank you.
Thank you, Lord, that you would choose us.
Thank you, Lord, that you have a plan for every single one of us.
Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health even as your soul prospers.
Lord, I just love you and I worship you today.
There's never a hurry, there's never a rush.
There's just plain thank you.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you for your sweet presence, for in your presence there's fullness of joy, in your presence there's fullness of peace.
Father, if I could just sit with you a while in the presence of Jehovah, God Almighty, Prince of Peace, troubles vanish, hearts are mended in the presence of the King.
In the presence of Jehovah, God Almighty, Prince of Peace, troubles vanish, hearts are mended in the presence of the King.
I see it in the presence of Jehovah, God Almighty, Prince of Peace, troubles vanish, hearts are mended.
He said, 'Drink, drink, drink from the well today.
' In the presence of Jehovah, God Almighty, Prince of Peace, troubles vanish, hearts are mended.
He's here.
He is here.
The Master is here.
In the presence of Jehovah, troubles vanish, hearts are mended in the presence of Jehovah, God Almighty.
He's here.
Prince of Peace, troubles vanish, hearts are mended in the presence of the King.
I see it so clearly.
He is here.
Hallelujah, He is here.
Amen, He is here.
Holy, holy, I will bless His name again.
He is here, listen closely, hear Him calling out your name.
He is here, you can touch Him, you will never be the same.
I sense an awesome moving of the Holy Spirit.
I see His countenance resting on your face.
I know that there are angels hovering all around us, for the presence of the Lord is in this place.
He is here.
Hallelujah, He is here.
Holy, holy, I will bless His name again.
He is here, listen closely, hear Him calling out your name.
He is here, you can touch Him, you will never be the same.
Father, we worship You.
Father, we praise You.
Glory, glory, glory, Father, for You are good and Your mercy endures forever.
Great is Your faithfulness to us, Lord.
Hallelujah.
You know, whenever you're just right on the edge, I can see it.
And you're just right on the edge, you just push a little bit more and you push over, and that's where we're at right now.
You can feel it right there.
I can see the Father.
I could see Jesus as I was looking, and I could feel His presence.
He was standing there, and it parted, and there was glory.
I could see that glory cloud up in here in the atmosphere, and I could see Him coming up in here, and He said, 'You're pushing through.
You're doing it today.
' Look, He's waiting.
He wants relationship with us more than we want relationship with Him.
And as I was worshiping, I could see the glory on ORU again.
I could see the glory on ORU again on the campus of the Mabee Center.
And the Mabee Center was on fire again with the glory of God.
There's going to be an amazing—I'm talking glory cloud experience beyond anybody's comprehension—over this building, over this area of Tulsa.
I look forward to these days.
He's coming.
Oh, Father, we worship You.
Oh, Father, we praise You.
We're never in a hurry.
We're always just waiting for every word You say.
We wait for every word that You speak out of Your mouth, for out of Your mouth flow the treasures that will change us from glory to glory.
He's changing us from glory to glory.
He's changing us into His likeness and image, to perfect in me the love of God shown to the world.
For he's changing.
He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
I hear somebody else singing with me.
Diana, I hear other people.
I was hearing other people singing with me.
His presence is so heavy.
I can hear them singing, baby.
They're singing from glory.
They're singing and it sounds so cool.
There's a bunch of them.
From glory to glory, he's changing me.
Oh, his likeness and image to perfect in me, the love of God shown to the world.
For he's changing, he's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
Oh, goodness gracious, Lord.
Oh Lord, his likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
For he's changing.
He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
Oh my goodness.
I hear them singing.
I wonder who they are.
Lord, who are they singing?
Oh, he said, "Brandon, those are the—that's the great cloud of witnesses.
" He said, "That's the great cloud of witnesses to sing with you today.
" Thank you.
Oh, Father, from glory to glory, he's changing me.
Changing me, changing me.
I see a portal.
I see a beautiful portal.
It looks like a circle.
It was opened up.
And in it, I could see the clouds and they were swirling.
And then I could hear the voices singing in this, and it was echoing back down as I was singing that and they were singing it back.
He's changing us.
He's changing us from glory to glory.
The love of God shown to the world.
Glory to God, ladies and gentlemen.
Glory to God.
He has so much in store for us.
Such a refreshing today.
Thank you, Father.
Hallelujah.
For the Lord, he is good and that his mercy endures forever.
From glory to glory, he's changing me.
Changing me, changing me.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
For he's changing, he's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
Hallelujah.
What he's talking about, he's sending the angels, folks.
He's sending the angels.
There's supernatural visitations like we've never seen before.
I'm seeing angels right now.
Again, it's like when I was talking to the man in Florida, I saw angels all around this man and these angels—I'm talking angel visitations like we've never seen before.
Glory to God.
A refreshing, refreshing, refreshing as you come up higher.
He has a refreshing in store for you.
As you come up higher in your praise for him, he has a refreshing for you.
A refreshing for you.
Oh Father, we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord.
I see the potter's wheel.
I see that clay on that potter's wheel.
Okay, I'm at a church and I'm walking in the church and I hear the old prayers.
I see and I hear old prayers from the past.
This is Jeanne Wilkerson's.
I hear the old prayers from the past.
Are they praying on the other side?
It's where the voices are, the singing's at.
Wow.
But I hear prayers of old prayer warriors.
They're still praying, but it's where the voices are singing.
It's travail.
These are elders.
Diana, I see them.
I see Lucy.
Wow.
Diana, I see Lucy.
She went home.
Remember Lucy, Lynn's sister?
I see Lucy's face.
Wow.
Diana, I see Lucy.
She's praying over there.
And she's sitting next to Sister Wilkerson.
They're praying over there.
They're praying, the great cloud of witnesses, baby.
And I see them praying over there.
These prayers.
There's prayers.
Prayers.
And the Lord just said, "Rachel Tefateller.
" These are the great, old prayer warriors.
Diana, they're praying at the great cloud of witnesses.
But these women are prayers.
Ain't that amazing?
It faded away.
I was seeing it and then it got pulled away.
And I got pulled out of it, and I was trying to stay there and look around.
Who else is there?
Oh Diana, this is heavenly prayer.
It's like they're making intercession for us with the Lord.
They're praying for this revival.
Oh, Diana, I see it again.
I see beautiful colors.
I see beautiful greens.
I see beautiful trees.
I see the trees.
And they're sitting by these trees.
They're sitting in this field-looking thing and they're praying.
It looks like a quilt.
Oh, Diana, I see Lucy.
I see Lucy.
And she's travailing.
She's like praying, praying hard like she did on this earth.
I see her praying.
We will have the greatest revival this world has ever seen, all to the glory of God.
Minnesota.
Oh, I see fire.
I see fire.
Oh, I see the Holy Ghost and fire.
Oh, I see the Holy Ghost on fire.
I see Minnesota on fire.
Oh, the Holy Ghost.
And it's on Sister Lynn's church.
It's on Living Word Church.
There's a portal there.
There's great doors of opportunity, great doors of revival.
The greater the blue, the greater the harvest.
He said, "Don't look at it as their darkest.
Look at: the greater the blue, the greater the harvest.
" Do you understand?
I'm in Mexico.
Diana, I see Brother Halverson's face now.
I see Brother Halverson's face.
And he's praying over Minnesota.
He's talking about Minnesota.
And I hear him talking about Minnesota.
Brother Halverson—I don't even know this man, but I've seen him in pictures before, baby.
And I see his face.
He says, "Minnesota.
Minnesota.
" I'm hearing about it.
And him and Lucy are praying together.
Him and Lucy are, Diana, these people are praying on the other side.
But when I'm hearing it, their prayers are coming through.
And it hit me, I could feel it hit me in my spirit, babe, and I was praying what they were praying.
It was praying the travail out of the spirit realm, what they were praying over there, and it was hitting us in the natural, in our flesh, in us as the body on the earth.
And the travail in the spirit was coming through the travail in the natural.
Does that make sense, what I'm telling you?
And I could hear them praying.
But when they were praying, the wave of what they were praying with no flesh hindrances was bouncing out of them and coming into us on earth as it is in heaven.
Yes, on earth as it is in heaven, yes.
And they were travailing, and they don't have flesh limitation like us here.
But it was coming out of them, and it was coming into like prayers for us.
But nothing happens in the spirit before we see it in the natural, here on earth as in heaven.
But it's prayers of the saints, prayers of the great cloud of witnesses praying for us.
They're praying for us over there.
I saw them, and it was echoing whenever it bounced off.
I saw Lucy, and whenever I saw her, it went boop and it was like a wave of it hit me.
And that's when I started going boom and I could feel it sucking me in and it was travail, travail, and they're praying for Minnesota.
They're praying for Minnesota.
It's all hands on deck.
He said, "It's all hands on deck.
Things are going to change in a 24-hour period.
Things are going to change.
Everything you've ever known as your Christian walk and the way we've been since the beginning of time is going to change within a 24-hour period.
" A window of great change is upon you, but it will change.
It will be changed forever going this way for the body of Christ.
You see, it will be a great change.
It's a birthing of a baby.
I'm staring at the wailing wall.
I've never been to Jerusalem.
I've never been to this place, but I'm standing there and I see it.
My goodness, folks, Jesus is coming.
Look to the fig tree.
For I'm coming.
Oh my goodness, everything is about to change.
Great doors of opportunity I'm going to give you—that is what He just said—great doors of opportunity, of great favor, great days of favor you will walk in.
Favor will follow you and the doors will open unto you.
What would take many men years, I'm going to do in just a split second.
Watch what I do for you and through you.
He says, 'Great favor will follow you.
Great favor as you walk through, favor with governments, favor with places.
' I'm seeing it again.
I saw it again for the man in Miami.
And the Lord said, 'I'm going to give great favor for many.
It won't just be on one person's shoulders.
I'm going to send many into these places of Asia.
I'm calling in the harvest.
I'm going to give you great favor.
' In Taiwan, in South Korea, there's a great harvest.
Japan is ripe for the taking.
Let's pray.
Oh, Japan.
I see stages full of people ministering, and they're getting healed by the power of God.
Now, I don't know if you're able to minister like that in Japan, but I see some kind of an event in a park, and there's healings happening and explosions of healings coming.
Folks, I'm not talking about just a couple of people—like, 'Well, I got a headache healed.
' Not that there's anything wrong with that, but I'm talking about miracles, signs, and wonders, not just, 'Well, yeah, my toe was hurting.
' I'm talking about miracles that they'll talk about all over the news.
That's what I'm talking about.
It's about to happen.
Oh, Jesus, the greatest thing He's ever done.
It's going to be beautiful, what's about to take place on this earth.
And we have our friends on the other side praying for us and helping us.
We're a big family.
They're not over there just playing harps; they're over there praying for us.
There is fiery prayer going on over there.
I hear it.
They're still working, and they don't have to go to sleep.
There's nothing saying, 'Oh, I'm too tired.
I've got to rest now.
' They're in the glory.
They have finished their assignment on this side.
The Lord said right then, 'They just finished their assignment on this side, and they're helping Me on this side.
' They finished their assignment over here, and He took them over, and they're helping over there.
Do you get it?
Oh, Father, I thank You, Lord.
Living Word is about to be on fire like you've never seen it before—Lynne Hammond's church with Mac.
But it's even with the next generation.
I'm talking about a visitation there, Diana.
I'm not saying Lynne and Mac won't be a part of it, but I'm saying with the other generation, there's a fresh visitation.
There's something about to happen at that church in Minnesota.
I saw it, and the Lord kept saying, 'Minnesota.
' I could hear it.
And I'm talking about a fresh visitation over Living Word where it seemed like the wave had receded.
There's a new wave about to take place.
What happened in the '90s, what happened in that time frame, there was a wave, and the Lord said, 'I'm going to visit with a greater wave.
' It pulled back, and it seemed like it was dry there, but a greater wave is coming.
I see a new generation, a fresh visitation for a new generation, and it won't be like it was before.
'For I have greater things in store'—that's what He just said.
And this will happen in Branson.
I'm seeing Branson.
These will be hotspots in Minnesota, Branson, Tulsa, and the Fort Worth area.
Hotspots in Kentucky, Tennessee, and in Florida there are hotspots.
I'm telling you, you might as well just call out every state, Father.
There are just hotspots everywhere I see them.
Oh, Father, we're going to have hotspots.
A great revival is coming, y'all, from shore to shore.
I'm seeing it right now as I'm talking to you.
I'm seeing a great revival, even throughout California.
When this great day of a shift comes, this is a point of no return.
We're at the point of no return.
He said, 'I've already got my pillars, my people, the key people set there already.
My establishers, my forerunners, my sooners, the people there, they're already established.
They've cultivated it.
They're inside and they're ready—the harvesters—and they are already established and ready.
' And the waterfall is coming.
But much prayer must keep taking place.
Don't let your foot off the gas today.
Much prayer.
For it happens, and it will come through, and you will catch it.
I'm telling you about Adam's lease.
And people say, 'Well, that's not biblical.
' I'm telling you it is, and I'm telling you I see it in the spirit right now.
He said it's when heaven and earth meet.
Do you hear me?
He said it's when heaven and earth collide.
Heaven and earth, as it is in heaven, are colliding, the glorious church rising.
Heaven and earth will collide; I see it like they're one.
He said it's not gloom and doom.
Yes, the birthing pains are happening, but the glorious church is rising.
It's like He said, 'Focus on the quarter.
' You can focus on the dark, what's going on over here with all the drama because the Antichrist is coming and all this stuff, or you can focus on the quarter.
I'm going to focus on the other side of the quarter.
I focus on the glory.
Let's focus on the glory.
There's going to be birthing pains—that's what's going to happen.
The Antichrist system is rising, and yeah, there's darkness on the news, but He said, 'What do you choose to look at?
Sobering days are coming.
' Yes, but what do you choose to look at?
It's your choice.
I smell His sweet presence.
Yes,, He is here, Diana.
I see it.
I'm over in that portal; I can see Him.
Lucy and them are praying for us.
I don't think they stop; they don't have to take a break.
I could see her all the time and never leave this moment for what I'm seeing.
The glory, glory, glory.
It's when heaven and earth are going to collide.
You'll have to resist healing not to get healed.
You'll have to resist miracles not to see them.
If you say, 'I don't want it,' you won't have it.
That's how easy it will be to step over to it.
The fragrance of His presence.
He said, 'If I be lifted up, I will draw all men unto Me.
' This is the greatest finale, whatever you want to call it—the finale of it all.
From the beginning to now, we're about to see the finale.
And God is not a loser.
He's a winner.
And you're about to see a winning God.
Because He's up there just going, 'Come on, man.
' You know, I'm talking about a winner.
Our God is a winner.
He's an all-consuming fire.
He's not a weak God.
He's a majestic, amazing God.
And we have limited Him.
And the Lord said, 'Watch what I'm about to do with you.
If you just let Me work through you, heaven and earth are going to collide.
One final huge harvest.
No ego, no pride, no showboating.
Just Jesus.
' Oh, Father, I thank You for what I just saw.
He doesn't want any to perish.
They're going to have to just flat be digging a hole and burying themselves in it to think they don't want to see what's about to take place.
The church just flat rebellious saying, 'I don't want this.
' That's how amazing this is.
Like Brother Hagin said, like a bird flies in the air or a fish glides in the water, stepping over into the glory will be that easy.
Like taking a breath, like the Lord told me.
Like taking a breath, like oxygen—boom, you're in the glory.
Oh my goodness, folks.
I don't know how long this lasts, but this is going to be fun.
That's why He keeps saying that: 'Brandon, this is going to be fun.
And the fun has just begun.
Watch what happens, what I'm about to do.
' Hallelujah.
I don't know if you got blessed by this today, but I'm blessed.
I'm excited.
Glory to God.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
It's going to be so cool.
Diana, He's so good.
Yeah, He is so good.
He's cleaning up the church right now.
Judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
He's cleaning it up right now.
Don't be like Ananias and Sapphira.
Glory to God.
He's cleaning up the church, washing it down.
Thank You, Father.
Thank You, Lord, that every door the devil tries to throw and to mess us up and to take us off course, Father, we shut it in Jesus' name.
We plead the blood of Jesus.
Father, I thank You, Lord.
The blood of Jesus Christ covers every single one of us today.
We're covered in the blood today.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that the blood of Jesus covers us from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet.
The blood of Jesus covers us, that no weapon formed against us will prosper.
We will always be at the right place at the right time, Father, doing exactly what You've asked us to do.
We will do nothing unless we hear our Father say to do it.
We will do it.
Everything the Lord has in store, we will flow with You, Father.
Thank You, Father.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Oh, Father, we worship You.
Thank You.
We just bask in Your presence today.
Oh, Father, we thank You, Lord, for the glory that's coming.
Thank You, Father.
Thank You, Lord.
Now, He said, 'I'm seeing the plague again.
I'm seeing that plague again.
' And He said, 'Pray into that plague.
Bring that plague down.
Pray into it.
' Yes, there's going to be things happening, but it doesn't have to affect you.
Arise and shine.
It's the same thing.
It's a demonic spirit like it was with COVID.
But this is on steroids—a lot bigger, a lot more destructive.
Okay, this is not something to be afraid of, but I'm telling you, we have authority as believers, as believing believers, and we can change things.
Covering yourself and your family and your household in prayer, okay?
I'm serious.
This is very serious.
I'm seeing it right now.
Like the blood on the doorpost.
Yes, that's good, baby.
Like when the death angel passed, it didn't touch any of the people.
That's what you do.
We put the blood.
That's why we take our communion and we anoint ourselves with oil.
We don't fear, but you need to know there's something they're trying to do.
Do you understand?
And I'm very serious about this.
You need to hear me.
They're trying to do something.
So, we're going to take authority over it, and we're not going to get in fear.
We're going to use our God-given authority, and we're going to tell it to get out of here, and it won't touch us.
All right.
Now, Jesus said there will be pestilence and plagues and there'll be these things in the end times, but not for a believer.
And the unbeliever is going to run to the believer, and we're going to help them.
We're going to help them.
It's a wake-up call.
We're going to help them, and they're going to go, 'Wow, why is there so much light in this place?
' Because Jesus is here.
Jesus is here.
And as they come underneath that umbrella protection, all that trash falls off.
It's not for us to be running and scared.
Never.
As we see these dark days approaching, the light shines brighter on us because it's harvesting equipment.
It's harvesting equipment.
They're going to go, 'What is going on over there?
I hear dancing and singing and happy times, and we're over here scared and all.
What is going on?
' Come on over, brothers.
Come on over, sisters.
We want to tell you about our Jesus.
Do you understand?
That's what this is going to be like.
In my spirit today, I heard that song, 'Let's Go Down to the River.
' And who shall wear—good Lord, show me the way.
Oh, Father, let's go down.
Let's go down.
Won't you come down?
Oh, Father, let's go down, down, down to the river to pray.
Yeah.
Father, we just thank You, Lord.
We pray over that right now, what I saw about the virus.
And I thank You, Father, that You said in Your word, Lord, that a thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but it will not come nigh us.
Father, I thank You.
You said in Your word that Your angels will bear us up in their hands, lest we dash our foot against a stone.
COVID, Father, You said was a test run.
But this one, you better know your authority.
And I take my authority over this virus in the name of Jesus.
And you will not touch us in the name of Jesus.
We plead the blood of Jesus over every single person who is watching this video right now, and every virus, every plot, every plan of the devil, we break it down in Jesus' name.
And there will be no brothers and sisters going home.
The glorious church is coming—a colliding of earth and heaven.
Boom.
And we're going to have amazing revival.
It's not a time to shrink back and be afraid and run, but it's a time to rise and shine, for the light has come, and the glory of the Lord has risen upon us.
Do you understand?
It's time for the glorious church to rise with a backbone like a crowbar.
You've got to take your authority and say, 'Satan, you will not touch us.
You will not.
The birthing pains are happening, but it will not come nigh us.
The blood is applied to my doorstep.
The blood is applied to my doorpost, my windows, and we will not experience any of these things.
It's light in Canaan, and it's dark in Egypt.
It will be light in Canaan, and it will be dark in Egypt.
Father, I thank You, Lord.
A pillar of fire by night and a cloud by day.
That's the kind of God we serve.
As it was with the children of Israel, watch what He does with His children.
Provision with manna.
You watch what He does.
Our clothes won't wear out.
The glory, the glory will sustain us.
Our bodies don't get sick because why?
The glory is in you.
You have to believe that.
You have to believe.
It's a believing believer, not a doubter.
I'm not a doubter.
I'm an overcomer.
And either you're an overcomer that's a believing believer or you're not.
There's not going to be this compromise, walking the line and saying, 'Well, I have half my foot in the world and half my foot in the church because I'm afraid of this virus, but I'm going to have my foot over here in the church.
' No, you're either all in or you're all out.
There's no more of this lukewarm Christian stuff where you just say, 'Well, I'm going to play church.
' No, there's no more playing church with what I've seen coming.
You're either in or you're out.
But I'm telling you, if you're out, you're in trouble.
You're in trouble.
I've seen it, folks.
I'm not kidding you.
You better get serious about your walk with the Lord.
You better get your life right with the Lord.
There's no more compromise.
No more compromise.
You're either hot or you're cold.
There's no more lukewarm in this.
Well, you know, kind of whatever.
No, no, no.
I'm telling you, the devourer is coming and he's coming to knock on your door if you're lukewarm.
You better get hot for Jesus.
And I'm not trying to scare you.
I'm trying to prepare you.
I'm trying to tell you what's happening.
We're in the end of the end here.
We're the closers.
We're closing this thing up.
Jesus is coming.
He's standing at the door.
He said there's nothing else to do other than for the greatest harvest to work through you.
You're about to see the greatest harvest, ladies and gentlemen.
And I'm telling you, it's not time to play patty-cake Christianity anymore.
It's time to be bold about what God has called us to do and pray this thing through.
They're praying over there and they're praying hard, from what I just heard.
And we need to be more serious about this.
So, we take our authority over this and we will not experience...
Now, I'm going to pray in tongues over it for a minute, okay?
You pray with me.
I'm standing on China's shores.
Instantaneously, as I went out of praying, I see the volcano again.
I see British Columbia again.
And he's circling the water.
He circles the water before me right now.
He's circling the water before me.
I see the water on the Oregon coast, and he just circled it with his hand.
I see British Columbia.
I see it.
By the water.
Oh, it's very cold.
There's an eruption and an uptick in Yellowstone, about this state.
And there's one in Washington.
There's something, this thing that I keep seeing—even I saw on Facebook, Diana, this is the same thing, I'm seeing it again—it's an uptick in Washington.
Things are coming alive in Washington State.
It's highlighted before me right now.
And it's all connected.
This is all connected to what's out there in the water, okay?
I see the water.
It's circled.
And I see Washington circled.
And then it goes down to where Yellowstone is circled.
So that's the Wyoming area, Wyoming, Oregon, Washington, the water, British Columbia.
These are hot spots.
But I see eruptions around these areas.
It's something underneath the Earth's surface.
And as pressure from outer space, things that are happening out here—oh, I'm seeing it—it causes pressure on our earth's crust, things are tilting.
Things are shifting.
Okay, I see a massive object in outer space.
I see a smaller object beside it.
It's over...
Okay, so massive here.
It's a big gray-looking rock, a massive rock.
And I see another one that's smaller beside it.
It's out a ways, but it's beside it.
It's coming.
They're moving together.
But then there's a bunch of little fragment pieces I see, and they're big.
Compared to these things, they are massive rocks—small ones, but they're not small, they're big.
And they're all traveling together as a pack.
There are bigger things than what we realize that they're not talking about.
They're not telling us.
They're not telling us something is coming.
I hear it: they're not telling us something is coming.
They're telling you hints of it.
The Lord just said they're telling you hints of it, but they're not telling you everything that is coming.
They think we'll avert this, like, 'Oh, there's no reason to alarm.
' I just heard a man say, 'There's no reason to alarm.
What are the chances of that happening?
What are the chances?
' The odds, there are not very many odds of this happening.
Don't take it seriously because of how vast space is.
Do you understand the odds are in our favor?
They see something coming, but it's bigger than what you realize.
The Lord says, 'A shaking in the heavens is coming.
' A shaking in the heavens is coming, and it's coming quickly.
China knows more about this than they relate to America.
I see China is involved in this.
They have a telescope, and China is really involved in this.
And I hate to use this word, but Satan.
Why is that?
I keep seeing this rock and I'm telling you these people know this.
They're watching this and it's Lucifer.
Father, what is wrong?
What is all this darkness?
These people know stuff is coming and they're not telling us.
But they say, 'Oh, the odds of this happening.
' There's going to be pressure on the earth that's affecting the sun.
There are things happening that are causing the earth to wake up in a way that we've not seen before.
But this is aligning with Matthew 24.
The Lord just said, 'Things are shaking the earth that you've never seen before,' and that lines up with Matthew 24.
I heard the Lord say this, and you will see this shaking.
I'm pulling out of the visions now; it's starting to lift.
A shaking in the earth, a shaking in the earth's crust—a shaking beyond anybody's comprehension.
We've never seen this kind of shaking.
And it's not just one place; it's multiple places, and some of them will happen at the same time.
It will be felt around the world, and it's going to shift our earth, tilting the earth, the plates pushing it to shift, the magnetic poles shifting things, and it will shift the weather patterns.
The Lord said it will shift your weather patterns.
Unusual weather events will start to take place even more, with genetically engineered weather and natural weather.
Unusual migration—I've told you about birds—He said, 'And remember, He said unusual migration of birds.
' Unusual animal breeding patterns; animals will be thrown off.
Things are going to start to really get strange.
And remember, He just said, 'And your sun and the light will look different.
' Things are going to start to change.
Hot, hot, hot—unusual heat.
And in the winter months, unusual hot, unusual cold, unusual changing of things.
Even with your crops, the way your plants will grow.
But He said, 'Fear not.
' That's what He said: 'Fear not.
' The Lord just said, 'Fear not.
' Unusual tides, the way the ocean is controlled—higher tides than normal, unusual low tides, unusual high tides.
That's what He just said.
He said, 'Watch—even your oceans will act different.
' This is major.
Major is what I'm seeing.
Major.
He said, 'Watch Italy.
' Venice, Italy.
Very unusual tides with Venice, the way the city is.
I see the boats and the canals in the city.
You know how it's all on the water in there?
Unusual water events in here.
Unusual.
Do you know what I'm talking about, baby?
I'm looking at it and I'm seeing those men with the little stripe outfits on and they're on those boats, you know, in that area.
Unusual water events.
Increased volcanic activity is coming in Rome, over Italy, over these areas.
Increased volcanic activity, even in this area in the Mediterranean.
Hallelujah.
Father, thank you, Lord.
I'm seeing something fixing to happen in India.
I see there's a major shaking about to happen in India with the Hindu temples falling.
Earthquakes in India—I need you to hear me—earthquakes in India shaking temples down.
False idol god temples falling, a shaking in India.
I hear this very second.
I need you to hear me.
A great shaking in India, a major shaking in India is about to take place, shaking down temples.
And I see monkeys on these temples, and these temples are falling down.
I'm talking completely decimated, gone.
Stone temples falling.
And He said, 'Idols, false idols are coming down, Brandon.
I'm going to shake India.
I'm going to shake them, and Jesus is about to show up and show off in India.
Major revival's coming in India.
But He's going to shake the temples.
Before He shows up, He's decimating these idols.
A lot of these temples and this pagan stuff is coming down, I see.
But it'll be shaken by the earth because He goes, 'I'm showing up in that area, and I'm destroying that stuff before I come.
' Watch.
I already laughed about it because He's like, He's not showing up with some pagan temple up.
Watch what's about to happen.
You're going to see a shaking in that area, and Jesus is coming and flooding that area.
I'm telling you there's going to be revival in India.
And He said that's even for China, the Buddhist temples, things like that.
There's going to be great shaking.
Great shaking in these temples.
I'm talking about destroying structures.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord.
Glory to God.
I'm going to visit the islands.
I'm telling you, it's going to be amazing in the islands.
I see the Philippines, the Philippines and over Vietnam.
A shaking in Vietnam, a shaking in these areas.
Everything that can be shaken will be shaken.
Watch.
It's like Billy says, 'It takes small hinges to open big doors.
' I don't know why I'm hearing that, but small hinges open big doors.
Oh, Father, I thank you.
Small hinges.
Isn't that funny?
I saw small hinges on big doors.
Great shaking is coming and it's going to open up big doors of opportunity, big doors of opportunity, major revival, great harvest of souls.
Hallelujah.
Y'all, I'm excited.
This is wonderful.
Not that you see destruction and things like that, but Jesus is coming.
Heaven and earth are going to collide in a way we've never seen before in any generation.
I'm telling you, it's not just, 'Well, it's about our generation and Azusa Street.
' I'm talking about in any generation, we've not ever seen this what we're about to see.
Any revival that you've ever heard of, I'm telling you folks, this is going to be amazing what God is about to do.
Praise the Lord.
Well, thank you for joining me today.
Thank you, I really appreciate it, every single one of you coming out and praying with us.
I'm wowed at what I just saw.
I'll write that down.
That was a memory I'll never forget, seeing the people that I respect praying over there.
That was amazing, Diana.
I could hear them singing and I was like, 'Oh, this is wonderful.
' It was really cool.
That was really cool.
I have to say that was a top five easy experience.
That was amazing because I could hear them sing and I heard them praying, and they were sitting and they were praying, and all the greats were together praying, the ones that have gone before.
Wow.
The ones the Lord will use over here so greatly.
Beautiful.
Yes.
Some people, I don't know who they were, but I knew some of them.
Wow.
Oh Lord, thank you for letting me see it.
He let me see it today.
Thank you, Lord.
Well, if you could, I don't like asking you all to do anything, but I need your help.
If you could subscribe to our channel, please help us.
We're believing for a million men and women prayer army that we could reach the nations for Jesus through this prayer channel.
We're reaching the lost.
There is a Buddhist man that got saved this week.
We've had a lot of people get born again this week, and we're so excited for every single one of you whose lives are being changed by Jesus.
I'm telling you, the Buddhist man blessed me.
He said, 'I was a Buddhist and I got saved.
' We got another Buddhist saved, and I thought, 'It blesses me so.
' And so I just want to tell y'all thank you because of you helping me with the algorithm and clicking like, clicking subscribe, clicking the notification bell, saying something nice down below.
It really does help us.
Like Braden showed me, he said, 'Daddy, YouTube doesn't like us.
' He showed me the algorithm and how they suppress it.
But because of you all, it can't get suppressed.
Do you understand?
You clicking like, clicking subscribe, and doing all the things you do and keeping on it helps us, because it was like 4% of all our major views are by subscribers; we're not getting a lot of new ones.
It's by you telling your friends about us.
And Braden, because Braden showed me, he said, 'Look, it is like 4%,' and it was down here, and then he said subscribers was like up here.
And I was like, 'Wow.
' But it's people like you that keep the world from keeping me down and saying, 'We don't want that over here.
' It's all about Jesus.
And every single one of you are so passionate about it, and I'm so thankful, truly.
I'm telling you from the bottom of my heart, thank you, because it's you all helping me, sharing on your Facebook, on your Instagram, 'Hey, go watch this guy and let's pray together,' because the world doesn't like it.
The devil's mad.
And so, praise God, we're making a difference.
So we're believing for a million men and women prayer army and subscribers to come and pray with us, and pray for our Asian channels to really take off, because that's who we're trying to reach—the Asians for Jesus.
We're really, really trying hard for the culture of Asia and to really reach out in South America.
God bless you all.
Thank you for helping us.
Remember, we always say this when we close our video for today: put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon.
Have a wonderful day, y'all.
Bye-bye.